What we are dealing with is an Eating Machine

You are a shark living and hunting in a small stretch of beach. You have two bars to keep track of, hunger and attention. Your hunger gradually decreases unless you eat. The only things available to eat are human swimmers, surfers, boatmen, fishermen, etc. When you eat, you first kill, then you feast on the carcass, forcing the player to stay in one place to continue feeding. Killing something creates blood in the water, possibly luring in other sharks. You can also sink boats, creating swimmers for you to kill. Killing something also raises your attention. When you are at max attention, hunting boats will start spawning and hunting for you. You can probably sink one boat on your own, but that will draw other boats to your location where the people will start shooting at you. At this point, you have to sink a boat, then kill at least one person, creating blood in the water and luring in another shark. Once the humans kill the other shark, your attention will be reset because they will think they've captured you. They will lay off and normal gameplay will resume with randomly spawning swimmers, surfers, fishermen, etc. for you to snack on.

What's your ultimate objective? Surviving the longest is an easy answer. Maybe there's a boss boat (Quint and the Orca) that comes after you've been hunted a certain number of times. Maybe you have to survive until you eat a certain number of people? Maybe until you have shark babies? I'll decide the objective later